Bug 1734408 - Add docs on how to avoid Glean.js + iOS + Qt issue (#1831)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/user/adding-glean-to-your-project/qt.md

```
.import "glean.dev.js" as Glean
```

## Troubleshooting

### `submitPing` may cause crashes when debugging iOS devices

The [`submitPing`](../../reference/pings/index.md) function hits a
[known bug](https://bugreports.qt.io/browse/QTBUG-96788) in the Qt JavaScript interpreter.

This bug is only reproduced in iOS devices, it does not happen in emulators. It also
**only happens when using the Qt debug library for iOS**.

There is no way around this bug other than avoiding the Qt debug library for iOS altogether until

> this bug is fixed. In order to do that, we suggest overwriting the `QT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX` environment
> variable with `""` when building for this environment. Other techniques for achieving this same goal

Reviewer: Does this variable need to be set as part of the build process?
So something like `QT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX="" bash scripts/qt5_compile.sh qt qt` following the instructions from the VPN client readme.

Also I think this can be phrased stronger. We're not only suggesting it.
Maybe:

```suggestion
this bug is fixed. 
To build a non-debug version of Qt set the environment variable `QT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX` to `""` for the build, e.g. `QT_LIBRARY_SUFFIX="" make`
Other techniques for achieving this same goal
```

Author: Well, ended up removing all that and just linking ot the Qt docs, let me know if you think that is a bit better.
